pwsh: fix FileResult (#11626)
demisto/content: Packs/Base/ReleaseNotes/1_7_19.md

#### Scripts
##### CommonServerPowerShell

> - Fixed *FileResult* function support for file info entries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the *FileResult* function to support file info entries.
```
